feat(storybook): version 8.6 (#1195)
scania-digital-design-system/tegel: packages/core/src/stories/Introduction/tegel.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta title="Introduction/Tegel Design System" />

# Tegel Design System

The design system supports the design and development of digital solutions at Scania. The purpose is to secure a coherent, premium brand and user experience across all of Scania's digital touchpoints.

[https://tegel.scania.com/](https://tegel.scania.com/)

## Status

> This package is in **production** and ready for use. It's available via [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@scania/tegel) and can be installed using the installation guide which you can find [here](?path=/story/installation-javascript--javascript).

Author: That is kudos to Mr.Charles (@ckrook), he did it couple weeks back.

## @scania/tegel 🧱

> **TLDR;** The new @scania/tegel package is an improvement and continuation of the previous @scania/component, @scania/theme-light, and @scania/icons packages. It simplifies the installation process and ships with types which offers type safety and improves the developer experience with intellisence and autocompletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TLDR;** The new @scania/tegel package is an improvement and continuation of the previous @scania/components, @scania/theme-light, and @scania/icons packages. It simplifies the installation process and ships with type definitions, providing type safety and enhancing the developer experience through IntelliSense and autocompletion.
```

> The new package includes all components as web components, removes the old CSS class components and makes the installation and updates easier. The current prefix for components, CSS variables, and utility classes - "sdds", will be changed. We have also created a new Storybook for @scania/tegel, which allows developers and designers to preview all variants of the components by changing the props.

Reviewer: Should we keep this text? I mean we want history, but now it's talking about changes that already happened.

## What is @scania/tegel? 🧱

> In short, the new @scania/tegel package is an improvement and continuation of the previous @scania/component, @scania/theme-light and @scania/icons packages. These three packages have now instead been merged into one to simplify both the installation process, but also to make it easier for us to maintain and keep improving going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, the new @scania/tegel package is an improvement and continuation of the previous @scania/components, @scania/theme-light and @scania/icons packages. These three packages have now instead been merged into one to simplify both the installation process, but also to make it easier for us to maintain and keep improving going forward.
```

> The new @scania/tegel is also shipped with types. This makes integrations in other Stenciljs projects possible, but also improves the developer experience with intellisence and autocompletion, and of course type safety. In this work we have also bumped the Stenciljs version (the compiler used to build our components) to the latest major.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new @scania/tegel package ships with type definitions, enabling integration into other StencilJS projects and enhancing the developer experience through improved IntelliSense, autocompletion, and type safety. Additionally, as part of this update, we've upgraded StencilJS—the compiler used to build our components—to the latest major version.
```

> And we have saved the best for last, @scania/tegel is 100% web components. Previous packages had some web components, but also CSS class components, these were utility classes that could be added to a predefined HTML structure to create the look and feel of Tegel. Now we are making a big effort to provide all components as web components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've saved the best for last—@scania/tegel is now 100% web components! Previous packages included a mix of web components and CSS class-based components, where utility classes were added to predefined HTML structures to achieve Tegel's look and feel. With this update, we've made a significant effort to deliver all components exclusively as web components, providing a more streamlined and consistent development experience.
```
